got a couple changes in your schedule
your four o'clock herbal massage has
been pushed back to 4:30 and miss summer
field canceled her 5:30 shiatsu okay
thanks
oh here comes your three o'clock I don't
mean to sound unprofessional but yum
moon Jordan Oh Bella PB oh hello hi what
are you doing here
hey Doc Elly
tell me you massage yeah yeah well and I
can tell us right yeah cause we gotta
something go multiscale body spa ah okay
I don't know what you just said so let's
I am uh being naked um that's really
your decision I mean some people prefer
you know to take up Oh be naked hey
Phoebe please fine Kimmy what's the
matter
nothing I'm sorry I'm just I'm out of
sorts hey can we get some cop Pacino
over here oh right that's me
hey Chandler that table place closes at
7 o'clock fine
what is it right
you know Paulo I'm familiar with his
work yeah he made a move on me
whoa store will be open tomorrow
well he came in for a massage and
everything was fine until oh my god are
you sure oh yeah I'm sure and all of a
sudden his hands weren't the problem
anymore was it oh boy scouts could have
camped under there
Mathur Minh Oh the actress so what are
you gonna do you have to tell her you
have to tell her it's your moral
obligation as a friend as a woman I
think it's a feminist issue guys guys oh
yeah you have to tell her the feminist
issue that's where I went
she is gonna hate me yeah well